Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org
The things you gave me…
I’m returning them.
Ice.
Actually,
my dad forced us to be in a fake relationship.
There’s someone else I like.
I never wanted to kiss Warm.
Because the only person I want to kiss
is you.
Let go of me.
It's not my fault.
I never thought
Warm would do something like that to me.
I’m sorry
for letting you go through something dangerous again.
If you had known beforehand,
would you have let me be in danger like that?
Thank you so much.
Right now Warm is no longer a student.
With all the charges he got,
he’ll probably be in jail for a long time.
His future is really over this time.
Saint.
Take care of Ice for now, okay?
At least until the filming day.
I’ll probably be busy with pre-production.
It’s fine.
I’m getting discharged this evening anyway.
Let someone else help for once.
Just take it as me asking.
Ahem.
The next group of visitors is coming now.
So the previous group,
please step out.
See you later.
Take care of Ice for me, okay? Yeah.
Bye.
Bye-bye. Bye bye.
See you. See you.
Stay strong, man.
Let’s go.
Ice. Hi.
How are you feeling?
Are you okay now?
I’m okay.
If you’re okay,
when you leave the hospital,
I want you to stop by to see my dad.
My dad is a music therapist.
I think he might be able to help you.
Thank you.
But I feel bad.
I’m okay, really.
Uh…
fine, I’ll go.
Maybe meeting your dad
would be good.
Great.
Okay.
Mm…
But there’s one thing I really don’t understand.
How did you end up dating Warm?
Anyway,
I hope from now on you meet good people.
Like someone like Phas, for example.
He’s still single too.
You asshole. Sorry.
Oh, one more thing.
Maybe this isn’t the right time,
but I want to ask
if you still want to submit your song to the contest.
Of course I’m interested.
But when’s the deadline?
Yeah, the deadline is actually today.
Before tonight.
How much have you finished?
I only finished the hook.
Only the hook?
Since all of us are here anyway,
why don’t we write it together?
Yeah.
Right?
You’re not busy, right?
Shall we start?
Yeah, so we can finish it today. Ah.
Really?
Come on, sit down.
I’ll send you the track then.
Okay.
What you wrote is something like
I’ll repay you with all the love in my heart.
What’s wrong?
Just tired.
I already told you that
you don’t have to take care of me.
I can take care of myself.
Maybe go rest first.
That's even more tiring.
What’s wrong?
Tell me, don’t be ridiculous.
If I say it straight,
I’ll look ridiculous.
Try saying it first.
Hurry.
Well….
I saw you working on the song with Phas nonstop.
I have to submit the song tonight.
I haven’t finished writing it.
Then….
Go finish writing with him.
You’ll get to meet his dad too.
See?
It’s so ridiculous.
Phas?
He just gives suggestions.
But I never like his ideas.
When I’m with other people,
I can’t write songs.
So I waited to come back and write with you.
Hmm?
So….
You haven’t written anything new since then?
I couldn’t find inspiration I liked.
Have you found it yet?
Hmm.
If you like someone close to you,
what would you do?
I'm going to write a song.
So let me do some research.
How close?
If...
it’s a very close friend.
I’d probably see first
whether they like me.
If they don’t show any sign of liking me,
I wouldn’t tell them.
But if they seem like they like me….
I’d probably show them that I like them.
And what would you do?
I like giving flowers.
If there was a flower
that represented my relationship with them.
I’d keep it just between the two of us.
The rest would just be like everyone else.
Being by their side.
Taking care of them.
Helping them with what they need.
And...
not letting them feel lonely.
Then why don’t you just tell them directly.
That you like them.
I think...
actions matter more than words.
Then...
how would they be sure.
I don’t want to assume things.
Ah..
I mean….
If it were me.
And someone liked me
but didn’t tell me directly.
I would never assume it.
And if it were you,
liking someone close.
Would you tell them?
That you like them?
Yeah.
If I’m not sure they feel the same.
I wouldn’t dare say it either.
Hey
the sun’s setting.
Help me write this.
Or I won’t make it.
Do you remember the red sunflower?
Yeah.
Of course.
Your dad hated it.
I think it’s interesting.
Out of the ordinary.
Different.
But stands out.
And nothing can replace it.
Sunflowers always face the sun.
And every day when the sun sets,
they wither.
Then turn back toward where the sun rises again.
But some nights are insanely long.
Long enough that the flower wilts.
Hey.
That’s too dramatic,
no.
But you do know
that the sun never goes anywhere.
The sun is the sun.
Even if sometimes it’s hidden
it never stops giving warmth to the world.
Isn’t the sun carrying too much.
Doesn’t seem like the sunflower
does anything for the sun.
For the sun to see the sunflower bloom every morning.
That’s enough.
Thank you.
We’ve all been through things that hurt….
From more than 100 teams
across more than 8 universities.
Today we’ve selected only 10 teams.
Who will present the songs they wrote.
In front of our judges.
With the theme, secret love.
Also, the first runner-up and second runner-up
will receive funding to produce their own song.
A huge step into the entertainment industry.
Woo!
(Ice: Where are you?)
(Ice: Aren't you coming to help?)
(Saint: I'll be there,)
(the pipes are broken and I'm fixing it. )
(Ice: But you'll make it in time to watch me perform?)
(Right?)
(Ice: Will you make it?)
(Saint: Are you the last performance?)
(Saint: That's another hour,)
(I'll be there on time.)
Let’s introduce the judges.
Lots of surprises for sure.
Our first judge, artist and singer,
Jymes Alan.
A round of applause please! Woo!
Hmm?
Our second judge.
Chanya Arpaphisut, CEO of TQB.
The number-one
entertainment production company of 2024.
Also known as Mother Jan, my mom!
Woo!
Everyone, I need advice.
So….
the deputy club president.
He suddenly got food poisoning.
And the team can’t run the event alone.
We might have to go up as the first performers.
Then go help them after.
Anyone has an issue with that?
And our final surprise judge.
Accepted our invitation at the very last second.
Nikom Saengarunwong, our university president!
Woo!
The judges are all here.
If we’re going to cut in line,
it has to be now.
Okay.
I’m fine with it.
Yeah.
Everyone okay?
We can do this.
Everyone must be really excited.
Are you ready?
Another round of cheers!
Woo!
Okay,
and to not waste time.
Let’s listen to the first song.
Titled 'Red Sunflower Lamp'.
By Karun Thongdee,
or Ice Rising Star.
Our campus's newest star.
A round of applause for Ice!
Woo!
(I once went through pain.)
(But then you came and gathered my broken heart.)
(You healed the wounds that never faded.)
(The feeling I have when I’m with you.)
(It changed the sky that was once dark)
(into a light that made my heart beat strongly again.)
(And nobody can ever take your place)
(because love has tied our hearts together.)
(I promise that every second, there is only you.)
(Thank you for coming into my life)
(as a ray of sunshine,)
(that gives meaning to a sunflower like me)
(from once withered to bloom again.)
(Thank you for making everyday)
(no longer lonely as it once was.)
(I'll give back with all the love in my heart.)
(Always Red Sunflower of yours.)
Woo!
That was my song.
And…
This is the inspiration that made me write it.
I admit
the melody is beautiful.
But the lyrics
focus too much on something personal.
Or on one specific person.
It probably won’t make others feel anything.
If a secret crush isn’t specific.
Does that mean I like many people?
As for…
Who feels what…
I think that depends on each person.
Who likes my song?
Make some noise!
Woo! Woo!
And why assume
a secret crush song is a love song?
I think it’s more like…
A heartbreak song.
Because from what I’ve seen,
people who secretly love someone
never get what they want.
I’ve said everything I wanted to say.
Through the lyrics already.
But if you listen to my song
with an open enough heart
you should understand
what I was trying to say.
Thank you.
Ice.
I fixed the pipe already.
But I’m soaking wet.
Can I still make it in time?
Shit..
Uh...
And...
that is the inspiration behind my song.
Hoo! What is going on?
Hey, no.
I didn’t mean that…
this person is the inspiration for my song.
I..
I meant the story between me and…
Someone… made me able to write this song.
Thank you.
Woo! Woo!
Omg,
those two definitely have something going on.
Right?
They live together?
Are they roommates?
Where are you staying now?
With Book.
Then why were you fixing the water pipe in Ice’s room?
Ice accidentally took my script instead of his.
And I already finished my homework.
So I went to get the script back.
And the bathroom pipe in his room was broken.
So I just fixed it.
If you and that pornstar keep secretly talking again.
I’ll send you to study abroad.
Saint.
Do you know what you did today?
Where the hell did he go?
Easy man.
Easy, my hand’s stiff.
Stand straight.
Hey…
Mud, you asshole.
Why are you spacing out, it hurts.
To make them even.
Really? Will they be even? Yeah.
They’re separated, this one is the weakest.
Really?
These two fingers are the hardest.
Ice.
Thank you.
What are you guys doing?
Ow, that hurts.
It hurts? Yeah.
You need help with anything.
You’re being loud, I’m embarrassed.
It hurts.
It’s probably broken. Uh…
Who’s this?
Oh.
Benz,
why are you here?
Uh, well…
Everyone…
This is Benz,
he’s here to film behind-the-scenes for our shoot.
Sea,
the person you asked me to find.
I found him.
You’re coming on set with us right?
Yes.
Please take care of him.
Of course.
Benz.
Hmm.
This is Ice, our other lead actor.
Oh.
Nice to meet you.
Today is our last workshop.
Before going to set.
The things I want all actors to bring.
Are only three things.
One,
be your character one hundred percent.
Two,
do what your character wants to do.
And three,
be the most honest with your own feelings.
Everyone close your eyes.
Go back to 1997 when the financial crisis hit.
Think about how you lived then.
And how the situation
affected you.
Your financial status, personality,
dreams.
If you’re ready you can open your eyes and walk.
Try it.
See what you say,
what you do, and with whom.
And you must know.
What the goal of what you say is.
And what you want in return.
You can speak now.
Last night you slept with Saint.
What did you do with Saint?
I don’t know Saint,
get out, asshole.
Don’t forget to be the character.
I’m sorry for being disgusting.
Don’t come near me,
you futureless gay.
Hey.
When Saint moved back to his condo,
Book kicked me out like a dog.
And told me to find my own place to sleep.
Mud.
If you’re staying in my room for a day or two
I don’t mind.
But I have a sofa.
Why are you sleeping right next to me.
I couldn’t sleep.
I have to hug Book every night to fall asleep.
Hey.
If you hug me, you’re dead.
Hug your bag instead.
Go.
I’m going to bed.
Do you think Saint is going to sleep hugging Book?
Huh?
Book isn’t talking to me at all these days.
It’s so suffocating.
What did you do to get him mad?
Has Saint been acting weird lately?
Just today,
he didn’t talk to me.
And he didn’t come back to our room.
See?
Do you think Saint and Book,
like each other?
Nonsense!
Do you know?
Last year Saint and Book were roommates.
Actually they’ve been roommates
since their exchange program abroad.
But the weird part is this..
Those two are filthy rich.
Why did they buy a one-bedroom condo?
With one bed?
And they even sleep next to each other!
So weird.
And their bedroom
even has Saint’s flower photo hanging at the foot of the bed.
Book refuses to take it down.
What flower is it?
A red sunflower.
Book once wrote a magazine column.
About that flower of Saint’s.
He was so into it.
I think Saint used that flower to flirt with Book.
If there were a flower
to symbolize my relationship with him.
I’d keep it
just for the two of us.
The rest would be like everyone else.
Standing by him.
Taking care of him.
Helping him with whatever he needs.
And
never letting him feel lonely.
Book?
No way.
And the peak
was at the start of the semester.
It looked like Book was talking to someone.
And suddenly Saint moved out immediately.
I think he was heartbroken.
But now,
Book doesn’t have anyone.
Saint rushed back right away!
God damn it!
I don’t want them to date!
Shit.
Ow, Mud!
What’s wrong with you?
Do you like Book or what?
Go to sleep, you need to wake up early tomorrow.
And if those two like each other.
What right do we have to stop them?
Go to sleep!
What’s with you?
And why are you angry?
Why am I irritated?
What’s wrong with me?
Sure. You dressed so pretty today.
I can't? The fit is too fire.
Remember your pair? Let’s go.
I remember. Okay.
Get in the car.
In the back, in the back.
Okay.
The team is complete.
Chun and Narong is waiting at the set.
Sea, Cookie and Katy are all here.
Only the main group left and…
Lanee, who is the client,
acting coach and director’s emotional support.
Still not here.
Should I give you a knob on the head?
I'm here.
Ooh.
Here are the snacks.
You look beautiful today.
Thank you, gorgeous investor.
My sweetheart.
Ooh.
This is the investor, behave.
Ms. Lanee.
Go go, get in the car.
Give me your bag, I’ll carry it.
Ooh, one waist grab already.
Katy, do you want me to throw hands?
Check the attendance.
Yes.
So you can stop talking.
Help me first.
No.
It’s so hot.
It’s really hot today.
Mud, wake up.
Who is that?
We’re here.
Okay.
Our main lead and main villain are here.
Hurry.
Hi Cookie.
Hi Katy.
Hello.
Is the male lead not coming with the main lead?
Yeah.
Fancy.
Handsome too.
Look, they’re even wearing matching shirts.
Hello.
Sorry we’re late.
It’s fine.
Alright.
Get on. Get on.
You brought so much stuff.
Yes.
Wow, what is this?
It’s their stuff.
Oh.
Sea, where are we filming?
Chanthaburi first and then Cha-am.
Hmm.
Two places. Yes.
This is Saint's spot.
Huh?
What about mine?
Damn.
They’re reserving spots?
Feels like a kindergarten field trip.
You.
Sit here.
Huh?
What?
It’s hot.
Everyone is here?
Yeah.
My face is melting already.
I'm here! Ten is here!
Ten is here!
Oh my gosh.
Why so late?
Almost forgot you.
We were about to leave.
You could’ve just gone without me.
I’m so sleepy.
No.
Everyone’s here now.
Okay, let's get going.
Let’s go!
Okay everyone, come get your key cards.
Katy already assigned the room pairs.
It matches the bus seating chart.
Oh, but for Ice
I put you with Saint.
But Saint sat next to Book?
Normally the main couple must sleep together.
It helps the workflow.
Nat, Jay, Dej should be together.
Sure.
Unless you three have issues and can’t share a room.
I’m fine.
Can I request a separate room?
I don’t want to share the room with two other people.
All rooms are full.
Your room is fine though.
Yes, I booked it myself.
You’ll feel safe and comfy.
That’s not what I’m worried about.
Then sleep with Saint.
I’ll go sleep with Mud and Ten.
But I want to sleep with you more.
Because when we’re free we can practice lines.
Alright alright, come get the key cards.
Ice and Saint, who’s taking it?.
Me.
Book, Mud, Ten.
Okay.
Cookie, Katy.
This is ours.
Will Ice and Saint even be able to act tomorrow?.
I’m worried.
Trust them.
And if anything happens tomorrow.
I will step in and coach them.
Tonight you should get lots of rest.
Don't overthink it.
So you'll have the strength to work tomorrow.
Ok?
Sure.
Thank you.
Let's go.
I don't want to be a third wheel around here. Sure.
Why do you want to sleep in Saint’s room?
They’re here to work and practice their scenes.
Why would you sit there and distract everyone?
What the hell are you talking about?
Fine.
I’m sorry then.
I’m sorry I’m not handsome, clean,
and perfect like your Prince Saint.
What does Saint have to do with this.
How would it not be related.
You’re with him all the time.
Saint is my friend.
If I feel comfortable around any friend.
I stay with them.
Why would I stay with someone who talks like shit.
Irritates me and lashes out at me all day?
I’m not staying with someone that toxic.
Are you talking about me?
Use your brain, asshole.
And if you don’t stop talking nonsense.
About me and Saint again,
I’m going to curse you out for real.
Holy shit almost didn’t make it.
I’d been holding that in since the bus.
But hey the bathroom’s nice.
Huh?
Hey, hey.
It stinks.
I can stay there.
Still better than out there.
What the hell is wrong?
Huh?
What did I even do wrong?
Is it good?
Katy.
I’ll get you some pork.
Yes please.
A big chunky piece. Sure.
Benz, I want this piece.
Sure.
Ice, do you want some pork?
Here, a big piece.
Thank you.
Eat.
Eat a lot.
Come on, friendship hotpot.
Cheers!
I can’t reach.
Cheers! Bottoms up!
Refreshing right?
Yeah.
Okay, everyone for fun.
Let’s play a game.
First, deal the cards.
Ah.
Pass them around.
Are we missing one?
The rules are.
The host spins the wheel
and picks two numbers.
Whoever has those numbers must follow the command.
If you don’t do it.
You drink!
Cheers!
Interesting.
Right?
Sea. Hm?
You go first.
Put it on the table.
I’ll command first.
Um...
I command
the two numbers.
To hug each other.
Ooh!
Love that!
Which numbers will it be?
Whoever has three and six.
Oh.
I got six.
I got three.
Oh. Wow.
Book is three, Mud is six. Hug now.
What a coincidence.
Perfect pair. I’ll drink instead.
What, just a hug?
I’m sick of his face.
I'm also sick of your face.
Ah.
My turn.
Come on.
Whoever gets the numbers I pick.
Must kiss each other on the cheek!
I'm going to start now.
The numbers are...
What is it?
One and four.
Who is it? That side?
No? Not me.
I’m one.
Oh.
And who’s four.
Saint is one.
So…
I’m four.
Oh my god.
Oh my!!
Ahhh!!
Alright.
Go on.
Kiss.
Shh. Kiss.
Calm down girls.
Kiss!
I’ll drink instead.
Huh?
Again?
No more drinking.
My turn.
Whoever gets these numbers must kiss on the cheek.
One and three.
Who could it be?
Oh?
A new ship.
No drinking.
Just kiss, why are you shy?
I’m not shy.
If you're not shy then kiss.
Kiss!
Hey!
I need to shit.
I’m going.
I’ll go too.
Huh?
Bathroom buddies.
They are both pooping.
Their organs must be so short.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I’m going to smoke, shower, and sleep.
You’re mad at me right?
Yeah, I'm mad.
Are you satisfied now?
Hey listen to me.
Take it.
I don’t want it.
I didn’t want you to be angry.
But I had to distance myself because…
My dad told Benz to keep an eye on me.
Where are you staying now.
With Book.
Is that true?
I checked.
Book’s room
still has Saint’s clothes and stuff.
Not a lot though.
My clothes are being washed.
The rest...
I packed in my suitcase.
For the out-of-town shoot.
Then why were you fixing Ice’s bathroom pipe?
Ice accidentally swapped scripts with me.
And I already did my homework.
I needed to take my script back to practice.
And the bathroom pipe was broken.
So I just fixed it.
From now on don’t go near that kid again.
Except for filming.
Whatever happens to him is none of your concern!
Do you understand?
Bua.
if he doesn’t go home check his GPS.
See if he’s with Book.
His LINE is still synced right?
Watch if they contact each other outside of work.
Yes sir.
Benz.
From today on you pick Saint up
and drop him off every day.
Follow him to the out-of-town shoot.
Report every detail of their behavior to me.
Yes sir.
And if you keep contacting that pornstar,
I’ll send you to study overseas.
Then why didn’t you tell me sooner.
I was waiting for the right moment.
No one knows except Book.
I was going to tell Lanee and Sea today.
And you…
I wanted to tell you in private.
So I could clear everything up.
There’s nothing to clear up.
I gave you to keep, I’m not taking it back.
Here.
Open your mouth.
Please.
Just a little.
Then why were you flirting with Book?
Your dad only told you to stay away from me.
I wasn’t flirting.
You were.
I wasn’t.
Are you jealous?
No.
I just don’t want to be in anyone’s way.
If you like someone, go to them.
I think…
I’ve always been clear.
About who I want to be with.
1997 was the year I hated the most.
Everywhere reported the economic crisis.
Some said the world was ending.
Mom, I'm here.
So much laundry.
Put it in the basket.
What are you doing?
Can I have this sunflower?
Stop stalling.
Go carry your stuff.
Narong is here.
This is Narong.
He will be your new father.
And this is Seen,
he will be your older brother.
I didn’t understand,
even though we were struggling.
Mom still brought them here.
Seen arrived with disaster.
Factories closed, people lost jobs.
Some families committed suicide.
Narong, Seen’s father, was disabled
during a protest for compensations.
But he was badly beaten.
Take your bag upstairs.
Mom said
Seen was sexually deviant.
So they sent him to a mental hospital.
But when he came back, he was even stranger.
Don’t hang that in my closet.
It smells.
Sometimes I thought if I threw that box away.
Seen would go mad and leave on his own.
Kit.
Where’s my box?
Where’s my box? Hey.
I threw it away.
Where?
By the river.
Look at him, so late.
He doesn’t know the time.
Yeah.
What can we do?
You still haven’t stopped
messing with that damn box?
I swear in your past life.
You messed with someone’s wife and kids.
And now in this life,
you're paying for your sins
and we are also burdened by it.
Dragging us down with you.
A person like you.
Alive or dead.
You’ll burn in hell anyway.
Dad.
I’m sorry.
Go! Oh!
Don’t touch me, you freak! No, don't!
But I was wrong.
I couldn’t kick Seen out.
Maybe I didn’t hate him.
Maybe he made me nervous.
And I was scared to accept my feelings.
One two three, pose.
Chin, pose. One two three, pose.
You don’t have to stand so close.
He looks really focused.
He likes it.
Move, right hand, under chin. Wow.
One two three. Hey look.
Huh?
Look at who? Look at him.
Do you get it?
You did really well today.
What is he confused about?
Yeah.
What’s wrong with him?
Maybe he wants to be a girl.
Yeah.
Why so dramatic.
Even if I felt that way.
I didn’t protect Seen.
I didn’t want people to think
I was weird.
I didn’t want to be bullied like Seen.
So I stayed silent.
Hey! Stop it!
Hey! Why are you bothering me?
Let go. Hey!
You pushed me?
You really want to be a faggot huh?!
Because you’re a faggot.
That’s why they bully you.
If he keeps being weak like this,
he doesn’t need bullies!
I’ll beat him myself!
I was so weak.
Seen was the strong one
for being himself.
Even when the whole world cursed him.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Give me that.
No.
I didn’t do anything.
Let go.
Kit.
Kit…
I think I heard something.
You like me right?
Say it.
Let go.
Yes!
I like men!
Sorry for being disgusting.
I didn’t know my silence
would make Seen so lonely and hopeless
that he chose to end his life.
Hey!
Don’t!
Are you crazy? Give it.
Have you lost your mind Seen? Give it now.
What about me?
What does that mean?
Cut!
Great work everyone.
Great.
That's it for today.
Uh.
How was it?
It was so good.
Both of you were so good.
Ok, after this will be the time period where
Kit and Seen will develop their relationship further.
And we will take a one-day break.
So…
We want both of you
to be a couple for one day.
It’s a workshop.
You can’t refuse.
So you can act
more naturally together.
Try doing something you may not like.
Okay.
Be my boyfriend for one day?
My bear?
Okay,
Little Bear.
Wake up.
Wake up already, it’s late, come on.
I’m awake.
You’re starting to do more
than what Sea told you to do.
Even if she didn’t tell me…
I still want to do it.
Will you be my girlfriend?
Okay.
Let go of me!
Answer me first!
Why do you want to know?
Do you like me?
Yeah!
What are you two doing?
Mom!